little knife town something pretty cool
guy on YouTube mujh re mu J AR I did
well challenge for me pretty interesting
concept basically you go to a flash
video game it's cold let's say it's cool
what is it gold bullet time reactions
it's bold time reaction calm its final
game basically when you go to play you
hit let's go your gun puck and then a
random time you to the gunshot go off in
which case you're supposed to click as
fast as you can supposed to see how fast
you can click as a reaction to a noise
but what he's using this as it's an
audible ready set go to draw your knife
to see how fasching maggiore knife this
is a great way to Train practice drawing
your knife for perhaps an emergency
situation whether it be defensive or you
know those move your car goes into a
river and you need to cut your seatbelt
law um anyway fun little challenge I
like to see a lot of people try this all
you really have to do is um you have to
state what you're like what your setup
is obviously a fixed place could be a
little faster than a folder if you're
using a folder or what is it as a manual
as it assisted is it waived automatic
what's the deal so today we're using my
spyderco endura and this has no pocket
clip on it as you can see on either side
and it's going to be in a belt sheath ok
that's the carry position now you're
supposed to keep your hands naturally
you know draped your side I'm going to
do one better I'm actually keep my arms
crossed ok so it should be theoretically
slower to uncross my arms reach down
grab my knife and the proper orientation
and open it but let me get this page
setup and I will give this a couple
tries see how fast I can do it alright
so I'm going to attempt this will try
three times like you did again I'm using
a manual knife and it's being deployed
from an open-top sheath I think this is
going to have less retention then a
knife clipped your pocket so it kind of
offset that if you happen I think that's
an advantage which I happen to think it
is instead of having your hands draped
down to the sides
and going from here to here to grab your
knife or from here to your pocket or
whatever I'm going to cross my arms so I
have to come down to get it all right so
that should add time to my draw but just
having some fun it's no real prize hear
anything and here we go alright first
shot was a little bit on the slow side
and then here the gun cock so I kind of
throw me off a little bit but that's
life can't plan for everything goodnight
back and try this again there we go now
we heard a couch a little bit faster
suppose if you try this over and over
again you get faster and faster but you
never know when you get a stumble you
never know when you get to go for your
knife and you could grab your pants
until we pass out or untuck your shirt
or something you know or grab your knife
and throw it across the room anything
can happen remember a practice does not
make perfect withdrawing your gun
drawing your knife practice only makes
you more consistent that's all you can
do is get your muscle memory there you
can't guarantee anything is going to
happen so give us a third shot here we
go and I cheated that's the other thing
to learn here is when someone's drawn a
knife expect the unexpected I told yet
before you should have expected it
whatever I love the challenge is cool I
want to see you guys videos just mention
what you're doing what kind of knife
you're using and just have fun with it
just a fun little game we're playing I
guess but I'm enjoying it so thank you
very much I really appreciate the the
challenge again it's from majority i
will link his video down below so you
can get the official rules and i'll link
you to a bullet time reaction calm so
till then hope you enjoy the rest
it take it easy guys